Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (transl. Some Things Happen) also known as KKHH or K2H2, is a 1998 Indian Hindi-language musical romance film written and directed by Karan Johar and produced under Dharma Productions. It stars the popular on-screen pair of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in lead roles, along with Rani Mukerji and Salman Khan. It also features Sana Saeed in a supporting role. The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old best friend.

Filmed in India, Mauritius and Scotland, this was Johar's directorial debut. One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema. The music was composed by Jatin–Lalit, which was the biggest seller of the year. Kuch Kuch Hota Hai was released on 16 October 1998, in India and United Kingdom and received positive reviews from critics who praised the setting, music, direction, cinematography, screenplay, performances and overall presentation. The film was successful in India and abroad, becoming the highest-grossing Indian film of the year and the third highest-grossing Indian film at that time. Outside India, the film was the highest-grossing Hindi film ever until its record was broken by Karan Johar's next directorial, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (2001).

The film received various accolades, including the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment and Best Film at the Filmfare Awards, Screen Awards, Zee Cine Awards and Bollywood Movie Awards. Kuch Kuch Hota Hai won 8 Filmfare Awards and was the only film to win all four acting awards (Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Supporting Actress) until Gully Boy (2019).

Plot
Rahul Khanna and Anjali Sharma are best friends in college who frequently spend time together and play basketball. Anjali Sharma, a tomboy, is much better at the game than Rahul who wins occasionally by cheating. Their friendship is tested by the arrival of Tina Malhotra, the attractive daughter of college principal Ravikant Malhotra who has come from London. Rahul is immediately smitten and starts hazing her as a means to grab attention. The two grow attracted to each other, leading Anjali Sharma to feel jealous and lonely. She realizes she is in love with Rahul and cannot stand seeing him get closer to Tina. Matters get worse, when Rahul admits to Anjali that he loves Tina, on the day Anjali decides to confess her love for Rahul, leaving her heartbroken. She changes colleges, leaves town, and breaks off all ties with Rahul. After college, Rahul marries Tina and they are blessed with a daughter who is also named Anjali. Unfortunately, Tina dies due to the delivery complications but not before writing eight letters for Anjali Khanna to read on her subsequent birthdays.

Eight years later, widower Rahul is shown as a single parent to his 8-year-old daughter Anjali Khanna. On her birthday, Tina's eighth letter introduces Anjali Khanna to Rahul's college friend by the same name. In the letter, Tina asks Anjali Khanna to reunite Rahul with Anjali Sharma, having always been aware of her feelings for Rahul. At a camp for children in Shimla, Anjali Sharma is a facilitator who teaches music and dance. Against Rahul, Anjali Khanna enrolls in the camp and goes to Shimla along with Rahul's mother Savita Khanna. Over there, she meets her namesake for the first time and tricks Rahul into visiting the camp, reuniting him with Anjali Sharma after many years. Using her mother's descriptions of their college days in the letter, Anjali Khanna recreates familiar situations that enable Rahul and Anjali Sharma to rekindle their friendship. They eventually find love again with each other, but this time, are interrupted by the arrival of Anjali Sharma's fiancé Aman Mehra. Finally snapping back to reality, Anjali Sharma leaves the camp midway to return home and marry Aman.

On the day of the wedding, Anjali Khanna lets Aman know of her mother's letter and her quest to unite Rahul with Anjali Sharma. Meanwhile, Rahul stumbles into Anjali Sharma at an upstairs balcony and finally expresses his love for her. At the wedding hall downstairs, Aman and the guests are awaiting Anjali Sharma to make her way to the wedding alter for the final ritual. She walks down the stairs but stops after seeing Rahul. Aman, realizing that Anjali Sharma will always be in love with Rahul, calls off their engagement. He asks Rahul to marry her in his stead, joining in the celebration. Rahul and Anjali Sharma are finally united and Anjali Khanna is beset with emotion at having fulfilled Tina's last wish expressed in her letter.